I
in this line of work he needs strength
as well as instincts put it right here
check this out ready go that's why you
picked me your move everyone watching at
home want you to check this out two
receivers two footballs one choice nope
pick me last year they know what I was
capable this year they still don't
pick me seriously how many reasons you
need to pick me for fantasy football
there's one another honestly I could do
this all day I picked me the next we do
this all day check me out one more time
come on there's three reasons to pick me
your move
it's really only 259
they hate it when I do this check it out
it's time to pick me cheer move this
league if there's a hole no matter how
small got to be able to get through it
check this out
yeah in your league you better pick me
your move